chore: Update bwrap skill description to better instruct on order of operation and functionality (#921)
soliplex/soliplex: src/soliplex/skills/bwrap_sandbox/SKILL.md

- **Working directory** — `/sandbox/work/` (read/write). Scripts run
  here. Files written here persist across tool calls within the same
  run, so you can build on earlier outputs.
- **Mounted volumes** — `/sandbox/volumes/<name>/` (read-only). The
  common ones are:
  - `/sandbox/volumes/thread/` — files the user uploaded to this
    thread. These are usually the inputs for the task.
  - `/sandbox/volumes/room/` — files shared across the room. Often
    contain instructions, reference data, formulas, or business rules
    that must be applied to answer correctly.
  - Other named volumes may be present depending on configuration.

## Tools

- **`list_environments`** — returns available Python environments,
  each with a `name` and `description`. Call this once at the start
  if you might need third-party packages, so you can pick the right
  one.
- **`execute_script`** — runs a Python script string. This is your
  primary tool. Pass `environment_name` to select a non-default
  environment.
- **`execute`** — runs a shell command. Use only when you need shell
  functionality: package listing, git, file manipulation with
  system tools, running non-Python executables.

## Workflow

> 1. **Pick an environment.** If the task needs third-party packages,
>    call `list_environments` and choose the one whose description
>    matches the task. Pass its `name` as `environment_name` to
>    `execute_script`. If the task is pure stdlib, you can skip this
>    and use the default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Pick an environment.** When first using the sandbox,
   call `list_environments` to get information on the available
   environments,    If the task needs third-party packages,
   choose the one whose description and dependencies match
   task. Pass its `name` as `environment_name` to
   `execute_script`.
```

2. **Discover inputs — only if the task involves uploaded files.**
   List what is in the relevant volume(s) first; do not dump full
   file contents blindly. For example:

   ```python
   import pathlib
   for vol in ['/sandbox/volumes/room', '/sandbox/volumes/thread']:
       p = pathlib.Path(vol)
       if p.exists():
           for f in sorted(p.rglob('*')):
               if f.is_file():
                   print(f, f.stat().st_size)
   ```

>    Then read specific files you actually need. Always check the
>    `room` volume too — it may contain rules or formulas required for
>    a correct answer, not just the obvious `thread` inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Then read specific files you actually need. Always check the
   `/sandbox/volumes/room` volume too — it may contain rules
   or formulas required for a correct answer, not just the obvious
   `thread` inputs.
```
